she came in through the bathroom window  protected by a silver  [Music]  spoon by the banks of our own lagoon  [Music]  didn't  anybody tell her  didn't  anybody see  sunday's on the phone to monday  tuesday's on the phone to me  [Music]  she said she'd always been a dancer  worked at 15 clubs a day  [Music]  and though she thought i knew the answer  well i knew  what i could not say  didn't  anybody tell her  didn't  anybody see  sunday's on the phone to monday  tuesday's on the phone to me  [Music]  so i quit the police department  and got myself a steady job  [Music]  and though she tried her best to help me  [Music]  she could steal but she could not rob  [Music]  didn't anybody  tell her  didn't  anybody see  sunday's on the phone to monday  [Music]  uh just to be clear there is no  intention or interest or desire by the  president to send troops to ukraine nato  is a forum to support our eastern flank  partners and countries and that's what  the focus has been on